Actually, I'm actually sorry,
I'll make this call first.
Whose business is it? Can you wait for me for a few more days?
I have some plans to get on the small railway, the old man is about to return to China.
My father doesn’t want to aggravate the old man’s condition,
wish you could pretend to be a father with him,
As no less. Father asked me to help Shengjiang,
Get out of trouble.
It means that he will not share my share anymore.
That's not the case with money. That's great.
This is not strong enough.
I didn’t expect that my father would kill someone else while he was still free.
I went down with you to teach me, but here I was distracted by other men.
Do you really think I'm cheating?
Why don't you help me away?
I did not mean that
Call you out and thank you
It turns out he really wanted to thank me damn
If I give you death, it will violate the principles of the country.
It’s just the cost. Thank you.
thank you very much
Helped me so much
No need for divorce now
this is great
Tonight is what dad wanted.
Tie up the studio granny again
Are you willing to make me wander and feel full? That’s right, boss.
Have a drink and look much prettier in the photo, Boss Gu Gu Gu
Please let me play
Think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it.
Think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it. Think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it. Think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it. Think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it